So when you're first starting out on the freelancing site you're not going to have any reviews.
And that's a big part of getting jobs.
The more views you have the easier it's going to be for you to get jobs and starting out with zero reviews
is going to make it very difficult to get your first job.
But I'm going to teach you some techniques and things I did to get my first jobs.
It's all about hustling.
At the beginning.
So one of the things you need to remember is that most people applying for jobs on here in their proposals
they're just copying and pasting the same exact proposal to every job and you can tell it sounds like
it when you read it.
And I know this because I ran a job on here before and when I got my proposals from all the freelancers
they just sounded very generic and like they had no idea what my project even was.
They just clicked on my project pasted in and hoped that maybe I'd pick it up and make and when they
do that on other people's projects they're just hoping somebody will bite.
And I guess that works for them but for you starting out with your very first job that's not really
going to work because you're not going to have any reviews.
So what you need to do is you need to stand out from the crowd and the way you'll do that is you'll
actually write a message that has to do with their project not just hi I'm so-and-so.
This is what I do.
Your blah blah you know like you're going to talk about their actual project and ask them questions
.
Which brings me to another point is that most freelancers on here when they write their proposals they
just talk about themselves and they're like This is what I do.
These are my credentials and they just talk and talk about themselves.
And the thing is the employers they don't really care about you they'd care about their project and
they care about somebody that can get it done well and that cares about it.
I mean nobody wants somebody that doesn't care about the project working on a project.
So when you write your message to them you need to introduce yourself tell them like in one sentence
what you do.
And after that it's just talking about their project.
So you say hi my name is Jason Batchelor I'm a freelancer illustrator I work at an animation studio
and I've been a graphic designer on some games and stuff.
And after that one sentence maybe two sentences you just talk about then say you products under the
cool I'm really interested in it can you tell me a little bit more about it you know like hit me up
in the instant messaging box.
And that's the way you're going to get those jobs by being somebody that the employers would want to
work with as well as having a good portfolio.